2D hand representation allows 2D convolution but also introduces an artificial order to the suits (i.e  $\spadesuit > \heartsuit > \diamondsuit > \clubsuit$). To overcome this issue, we can employ 3D hand representation (figure~\ref{3DHand}). 4 cards of a rank can be represented using a group of 4 fully-connected nodes (i.e.\ a plane). Two planes can only connect via nodes that have the same suit. Thus, there are six connections within a plane and there are four connections between two consecutive planes. Each hand is represented with 52 nodes and each nodes has 2 features: its rank (from 1 to 13) and whether the card is in the hand (1) or not (0). A connection is only activated (1) if its nodes are all activated.

Message passing is a generalization of 2D convolution on non-Euclidean data (i.e.\ data that is not in tabular form). A simple message passing function is defined in equation~\ref{messagepassing}~\cite{fey2019} where $k$ is the index of convolution layer, $\mathcal{N}(i)$ is a index set of neighbors of node $x_i$, and $e_{ij}$ is the edge between $x_i$ and $x_j$. For a node in convolution layer $k$, its information is a linear combination of information of that node $x_i$, its neighbors $x_j$, and its edge $e$ in layer $k-1$. Note that many non-trivial decisions need to be made while designing a geometric neural network. For example, we need to treat the edge between cards in the same rank differently than edges of card between ranks; otherwise, a triangle will be treated the same as a run.
